you're breaking news on weather
authority 13wham news good evening I'm
Rachel Barnhart an RIT grad who realized
his dream of being a police officer was
gunned down in the line of duty Tony
Wallace was one of the few
hard-of-hearing officers in the country
13 Wham's evan white tells us what
happened that's right Wallace
authorities say he and his partner were
shot in the small village of Hoonah
Alaska officials are not saying what
sparked the shooting but say there is a
standoff that continues to this hour
meanwhile Wallace's Rochester friends
are mourning his loss the loss of Tony
Wallace has rocked the RIT community
especially longtime friend Tommy and
Sorella I was shocked it was you know
very disheartening to hear that and the
first people that I thought of were
naturally his his daughter and his mom
and his father before leaving for Alaska
police in 2008 Wallace made a name for
himself at RIT where he was an
all-american wrestler just as big as you
was physically it was bright 220 his
heart was even bigger Wallace who was
part of hearing joined campus safety and
even taught a class on safety and the
Deaf 13wham news interviewed Wallace in
2003 I think they did not affect you
know what we're gonna give them what
we're gonna provide for them when asked
how he will remember his dear friend
Mann Sorella tells the story of their
first encounter we met here at RIT we
were we were on a traffic post together
and it was about 95 degrees out and he
was this big Hulk of a man trying to get
some shade from a a light pole and I
pulled up and said what did you do it
and we talked for three hours RIT
president Bill Destler had this to say
about Wallace's death quote in Tony's
memory I hope we can find time to
appreciate all the members of law
enforcement who put their lives at risk
for us every day friends say Wallace was
aware of the dangers of becoming a
police officer but was driven to do it
to no end
a memorial is being planned at RIT to
honor the memory of a Hall of Fame
wrestler and friends say a Hall of Fame
person Tony Wallace Rachel Berry says
story Thank You heaven